The military
has had enough problems
with divorces and things like that because when
you isolate a young man during one of his very
formative
times in his life, it's hardly just and i used to
know a consulting marriage psychologist
and he made a flat statement
that marriages resulted from campus romances
where they got a chance to see various people had
the highest degree of success
than any other group. So I can see nothing wrong
with Gletch. And I don't think A&M could have grown
if it had been all military. Also, during this
time, of course, the first blacks came to A&M
during the all-runner .
I have no objection to
it. I do not like to have black caucuses or green
caucuses or ethnic caucuses. Any student
organizations? No. Except just to meet and visit
his friends. I object to bilingual education.
If an individual is going to be a citizen of the
United States, I expect him to speak the language
of the nation. And nothing infuriates me more than
go to a soda fountain and have two Latin Americans
behind the counter that speak in Spanish.
Maintain some of your ethnic background is good,
If we're going to be citizens, let's all talk the
same language.
What about the draft? Do you think now, of course,
with the recent registration again, what's your
opinion on the professional arm? I think it's an
absolute necessity. In other words, you'd rather
have a professional volunteer service than a
draft?
No, sir.
Again, it depends on the times, when the Army looks
good pay-wise and times when it looks bad
pay-wise. When I joined the 6th Division in 1940,
they'd been on a recruiting mission on the
foothills of Arkansas and Missouri. And probably
a promise of a pair of shoes and three meals a day was
a big incentive. When times get such that
the money is poor in the Army and too good on the
outside, but you've got to have a level of
intelligence to be able to do what you want to do,
particularly the more complicated the weapons,
the more complicated the communication systems
are, the computers. You can't have low IQ people
doing that. My oldest son
was just 33 now. He was kind of facing the draft. I
could have gotten him on guard, but he never asked
me. Finally, he asked me one day, and I called
Austin, and they called Washington. He called
back and said, we have an agreement with General
Hershey, who incidentally I knew, that once he
calls him, we won't touch him. I said, that's fair
enough. I could have gotten him to the guard. So was
he drafted? Yes, sir. No. He signed up for four
years
in the regular army in lieu of the draft. So he could
have chosen whatever he wanted to do. What
about... the new issue of drafting women. What's
your opinion
on that? I have mixed feelings about that.
I feel like it's just as much their country
as it is mine. I do feel like there's certain combat
jobs that the majority of them are not able to A few
individuals, yes. But there's a lot of other jobs.
They can cook. They can clerk. They can clean the
latrines just about anybody else. Now, from the
standpoint
of keeping the male and the female separated,
it could be a problem. It creates a discord. But I
feel like it's their country, just like it is mine.
So do you think they should be driving?
Yes. But I don't think they should be in front
lines. I'm basically out of questions for this
interview. Is there anything that you feel that
I've missed about your career that we should talk
about? You trained me to drive. know about what my
philosophies are and why my feelings
are. I'm still kind of a patriot now, I guess. I
think this is the finest country in the world, even
in spite of our mistakes. We're a nation of laws,
not men. All men get in the way sometimes, but it
doesn't matter. OK, well, thank you very much,
sir.